docs: try to fit the doc with the code (#3325)
fastify/fastify: docs/Request.md

- `log` - the logger instance of the incoming request
- `ip` - the IP address of the incoming request
- `ips` - an array of the IP addresses, ordered from closest to furthest, in the `X-Forwarded-For` header of the incoming request (only when the [`trustProxy`](Server.md#factory-trust-proxy) option is enabled)

> - `hostname` - the host of the incoming request (derived from `X-Forwarded-Host` header when the [`trustProxy`](Server.md#factory-trust-proxy) option is enabled). If no host header exist return `:authority`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hostname` - the host of the incoming request (derived from `X-Forwarded-Host` header when the [`trustProxy`](Server.md#factory-trust-proxy) option is enabled). For HTTP/2 compatibility it returns `:authority` if no host header exist.
```

> - `hostname` - the host of the incoming request (derived from `X-Forwarded-Host` header when the [`trustProxy`](Server.md#factory-trust-proxy) option is enabled). For HTTP/2 compatibility it returns `:authority` if no host header exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `hostname` - the host of the incoming request (derived from `X-Forwarded-Host` header when the [`trustProxy`](Server.md#factory-trust-proxy) option is enabled). For HTTP/2 compatibility it returns `:authority` if no host header exists.
```

Reviewer 2: Just a little typo.
